Add some structure to the sponsors (#759)
scientific-python/scientific-python.org: content/summits/developer/2025/_index.md

## Sponsors

We would like to thank the following institutions and projects for sponsoring this year's Summit.

**Presenting sponsor**

*This year's Summit is funded by the NSF POSE Phase 1 award: [An open-source ecosystem for statistical Python](https://nsf.elsevierpure.com/en/projects/pose-phase-1-an-open-source-ecosystem-for-statistical-python)*

<p>&nbsp;</p>

{{< grid columns="1" >}}

[[item]]
body = '''
{{< image >}}
src = 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/56/NSF_logo.svg/1280px-NSF_logo.svg.png'
alt = 'NSF logo'
height = 120
{{< /image >}}

> '''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'''
{{< /grid >}}
```

{{< /image >}}
'''

**Travel sponsors**

> *The following projects have financially support team members to attend the Summit.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The following projects financially supported team members to attend the Summit.*
```
